"Racing into the Night", Known simply as "Yoru Ni Kakeru" in Japan. The song is about two people escaping the darkness together. The lyrics describe how the narrator's feelings for the person they are singing about kept growing as they spent more time together. The narrator acknowledges how the other person felt overwhelmed and sad, but they still want to try and show them the light and bring hope through the lyrics. The chorus is the centrepiece of the song, where the narrator encourages the other person to take their hand and run away with them before the night ends. The pre-chorus further emphasizes this desire to have the other person trust them and believe in them. The song is about the power of love, where together two people can motivate each other to overcome even the darkest of situations.
The track is a musical account of a short story by Mayo Hoshino titled "The Invitation from Thanatos" in English. The story depicts the fleeting romance of the narrator whose lover repeatedly tries to take their own life.
###skip above

Yoasobi is a band that creates "music from novels". Their debut single, "Racing into the Night" has become their most streamed single. The band members are Ayase(composer) and Ikura (vocals), they formed this duo for a project by the online creative writing site monogatary.com, and its unique concept is to produce music inspired by stories submitted to the site. The themes behind their music are based on the stories submitted to the site. Because of this, their songs are unique each with their special meanings. Thus, I will explore 3 of the songs that I liked the most.

"Tracing that Dream", known simply as "Ano Yume Wo Nazotte" in Japan. It is one of YOASOBI’s heartwarming songs ever released. The song’s message was simple, yet it reaches your heart clearly- someone’s dream is what keeps him alive, waiting for it to come true; the word ‘I love you’ was traced back to his heart. Only the two of them know their true feelings but kept it inside until the day they were both standing below the massive fireworks where one confesses. Even Ikura’s vocals have touched listeners and fans- it was so heartwarming one could even cry. The song is based on Sōta Ishiki’s "Yume no Shizuku to Hoshi no Hana (夢の雫と星の花)," which roughly translates to "Dream Drops and Star Flowers".

Ultramarine Blue also known as 群青 (Gunjou) is a song about courage, accepting yourself, and persisting towards your dreams despite fear and doubt. The lyrics are about overcoming the monotony of everyday life and accepting that life has both ups and downs. Life can be difficult, but the lyrics encourage the listener to keep searching for their true identity and to keep striving for their ambitions. The song references the idea of the colour blue, or gunjou in Japanese, as a metaphor for this journey. Blue is the colour of the sky and has both peace and power, and the song suggests that finding one's true self is like finding a blue sky, regardless of obstacles. It was inspired by 山口飛翔 (Tsubasa Yamaguchi)’s popular Manga Blue Period. The manga tells about a studious and perfect high school student Yatora Yaguchi, who leaves a dry life of study and good manners behind for a new passion: painting.
https://1drv.ms/x/s!AqcDDT-KtlZsiEUFISDCgje275aj?e=4ssZw3
Probably also known simply as "Tabun" in Japan, this song is about acknowledging that it takes time to move on from a relationship and to accept the change while being brave to open up and learn from it. The lyrics reflect the difficult emotions one experiences during a breakup, highlighting how it is hard to accept the end of a relationship, let go, and move on. The singer talks about the mornings when they have to face the change alone, and the lingering memories of their time together. The singer realizes that both of them were in the wrong, but decides not to place blame. They look back at the memories with appreciation but understand that times have changed. The song ends on a bittersweet note, with the singer expressing a hope to go back to the beginning but understanding that it is not possible.
